as John Wayne said courage is being
scared to death and saddling up anyway
here's the secret the people that do the
most with their lives the people that
seem the most self-assured the ones that
seem to embody confidence the ones that
seem to define confidence they're the
ones that had to face down the most fear
they simply didn't linger in it they
faced up they took action and in action
they began to tame the fear and that's
the most ironic thing about being a
human is the very thing that you're
terrified of doing actually taking a
step into the unknown taking that step
is the very thing that will cure the
fear it's the very thing that's going to
suppress that it's the very thing that's
going to give you the confidence because
in that moment all you're trying to do
is process what's around you and your
brain does not have the opportunity to
explore and be afraid at the same time
and when you understand that when you
understand that that a lie that you have
is movement the a lie that you have is
momentum the thing that you don't need
to be afraid of is fear because that
will be quelled by doing something that
will be quelled by facing your fear that
will be quelled by saddling up even when
you hour at your most terrified and as
Samuel Johnson said great works to
perform not by strength but by
perseverance its facing that fear in
going after it anyway it's falling down
the very thing that you were terrified
of embarrassing yourself in front of
people and getting back up and that's
the key getting back up is all that
matters you're all gonna fall every one
of us are going to embarrass ourselves
not once not twice but over and over and
over if we're lucky because it means
that we tried it means that we got up it
means that we cured our fear by taking
action it means that we took a risk it
means that we put something at risk it
means that we took that throttle part of
ourselves that lives inside that wants
to hide that wants to move backwards and
we ripped it open and we laid it bare
and we said what will come will come and
whatever it is I'm gonna learn from that
whatever it is I'm gonna push through
that whatever it is I'm going to
persevere because on the other side of
perseverance is a sense of self a sense
of confidence of being reborn of being
something new because you built upon
yourself you took that ember of beer and
you turned it into something powerful
because you weren't afraid you didn't
back down you weren't worried that that
would be a permanent state you
understood that it was only a step on a
longer journey and when you can see your
life as a long journey and that you know
perseverance is what it demands then
you'll stay the course then you'll win
as Buckminster Fuller said there's
nothing in a caterpillar that tells you
that it's going to be a butterfly and
welcome to the human condition that's
the truth of what it's like to be a
person you're hoping that you turn
inward and see some signs some glimmer
some gift that you have that's been
bestowed upon you that you were born
with that is your very birthright but
there's nothing you were born hopelessly
average and the sooner that you accept
that the sooner that you accept that you
are no better than anyone that came
before you and everyone that's going to
come after you but all of us have
potential and so the question becomes
the question you have to answer with
your very life the question that your
actions will answer what are you gonna
do with that potential will you actuate
it will you bust your ass to get good
will you get so good over time that you
can play with the greats will you get so
good that people look at you with awe
can you get so good that you become the
excuse that other people use not to try
can you get so good that people have to
dismiss you as naturally talented can
you get so good the people refuse to
believe that they
get that good can you work so hard
gaining a set of skills and driving
yourself day after day to get better
never accepting who you are always
pushing yourself bored always demanding
more and seeing the beauty in what you
can become and knowing that even today
as a caterpillar with nothing with
nothing to indicate you've become a
butterfly can you become the butterfly
through sheer force of will because if
you can become that you become a beacon
of hope not for other people for
yourself because you prove that there
really are no limits and as Walt Disney
said you may not realize that when it
happens but it kickin the teeth may be
the best thing in the world food why
because it's the thing that's going to
make you react it's the thing that's
gonna hold you down it's the thing that
is going to make you say never again no
more I refuse to accept this about
myself I refuse to accept that I'm
average I refuse to accept that I can't
be something more I refuse to stop when
something kicks me in the teeth I refuse
to stop when people hate on me or tell
me that I can't do something I refuse to
be dictated to by anyone even my own
potential I refuse to be held back by
anything least of all me and when you
get that in your head when you know that
you can transcend even yourself that
negative voice in your head that even
getting kicked even failing getting
knocked down and being covered in blood
mud dirt everything that would try to
stop you that you'll rise up and that
you'll keep pushing and that you'll
define what you're going to become when
you have that in your mind then you
become unstoppable then you are the
caterpillar that becomes the butterfly
but you have to be willing to take the
knocks you have to be willing to make
the sacrifices you have to be willing to
suffer
and when you're willing to suffer you
can become anything because it's in that
process of breaking and mending and
growing and shaping that you realize
that you are both the sculptor and the
marble and therein lies the pain of
creation but in that you can create
yourself to be anything you want so the
question is it can you do it it's only
are you willing to do
never give up on what you really want to
do the person with big dreams is more
powerful than the person with all the
facts H Jackson Browne
truer words have never been spoken it is
one of the most interesting things about
the human condition that all of the
facts in the world no matter how true
something may objectively really be the
only thing that matters is whether or
not you've got the energy to see through
to the end of what you want to do and
the energy comes not from truth the
energy comes from your dream the energy
comes from what it is that you want to
do the energy ultimately is born out of
what you want to create it's born out of
a willingness to allow yourself to dream
it's born out of a willingness to think
that you actually can do it it's born
out of a willingness to take that first
step but the only reason that you're
gonna take that first step is you
believe that you can actually make your
dreams come true and that sense of this
thing that you have in your mind that
you can make it real that you can bring
it into the real world and have that
excitement you've long fantasized about
and understand and really feel in your
gut that that thing that you've dreamed
about can be real and when you have that
that's when you're going to have the
energy that you need to push and to
fight and to go through all of the
difficult things that you're gonna have
to to get on the other side and make
that dream real as Ferdinand fox said
the most powerful weapon on earth is the
human soul on fire the
can't be on fire without a dream a human
soul is not fed by facts a human soul is
fed instead by a belief that it can
accomplish what it wants to accomplish
it's fed by that thing that idea that
you've had in your mind that you fan
those flames of interest and turned it
into a real fascination and fan those
flames further into excitement and
allowed yourself to truly embody that
belief that you can make it happen so
right now whatever it is whatever crazy
dream you have and we all have one stop
judging yourself for it stop telling
yourself that you can't do it and
understand when you cultivate that fire
when you take that little ember and you
fan it into a raging in front of the
that thing that human stole on fire is
what's going to allow you to build
something that the world has never seen
before but it starts with that dream it
starts with your willingness to
cultivate that to think about it to
allow yourself to do that because so
many people stop themselves they think
they're inadequate they think that they
could never do it
and even if that is a fact it's not
something that's gonna help you live a
life that excites you it's not something
that's going to help you excite other
people but one thing that will do that
is the dream
so right now allow yourself that simply
to dream as Joseph Campbell said find a
place inside where there's joy and the
joy will burn out the pain now I get it
life inevitably comes with some degree
of misery and I get it for many of you
things have happened in your past that
are unspeakable and whether that's
something big or whether it's something
small each one of us has something
inside of us that hurts it's something
that we wish weren't so it's something
that we focus on when we're alone it's
the thing that keeps us up at night it's
the thing that wakes us up in the
morning it's the thing that we
obsessively come back to over and over
and over for whatever reason that we
think means that we're not
good enough but I also know that inside
each one of us is something beautiful
that even in the midst of pain if you
allow yourself to focus on that to feel
the joy to not just think about it but
to actually feel the joy it will begin
to crowd out the pain it will actually
take that room and just like when you're
trying to create something amazing in
your life do not waste time trying to
tear down the old if you're trying to
create something beautiful in your life
spend all of your time trying to build
that new thing so if you want to feel
joy
don't try to eradicate the pain instead
focus all of your energy on that joy and
let it become so bright that it
ultimately takes over the pain and as
Aristotle said it is during our darkest
moments that we must focus to see light
and that's the thing with pleasure and
pain when you've got that ache inside of
you when you feel that something in your
past is stopping you from moving forward
it is in that moment that you must put
your focus and attention on the things
that are good on the things you've done
that are good on the joys and the beauty
and the things in your life that you're
grateful for all of that if you take
your time and you put your focus on that
even when it hurts especially when it
hurts if you're able to do that if
you're able to find a way to take all of
your energy and put it on that to repeat
it to let it become a mantra to let it
be the first thing you think about when
you wake up the last thing you think
about in the night and the thing that
you cling to when you wake up and cannot
fall asleep if you let it be that thing
that you can put all of your attention
on that then you can actually change
your chemistry you can actually change
your own store you can actually change
your life
but you've got to know it's in our
darkest moments that we must focus on
the light Happy New Year everybody I
hope this time of year is as exciting
for you guys as it is for me and I
definitely think about new beginnings
but I don't think about resolutions and
the reason that I don't think about
resolutions and the reason that I hope
you guys don't think about resolutions
either is as Mary Shelley said the
beginning is always today and that's the
important thing whenever you're hearing
this video whether it's at the first of
the year or not whatever moment this is
finding you I want you to take this
moment to realize that you can make
whatever change you want to make in your
life as Napoleon Hill set
first comes thought the beginning as you
will observe is in the imagination and
that's the key to getting started is you
have to understand that you already have
everything that you want but you've got
to think about what it is you're trying
to create in your life first you've got
to define that starting with the goal
and understanding where it is that you
want to go and then having the courage
to take that first step you've got to
have that courage you've got to have
that willingness to step forward into
the unknown not knowing where it's gonna
go not knowing what you're gonna have to
do to get there and not overwhelming
yourself by looking at the entire task
but rather taking a single step and a
stevedore Rozsival said far and away the
best prize that life has to offer heat
the
to work hard at work worth doing this is
where everybody this is the thing that
is the Great destroyer of dreams people
wanted to be me and the only people that
are gonna succeed are the ones that
really understand that the prize that
life has to offer is to really pour
yourself into something that is
worthwhile to gain a set of skills that
are going to serve other people to do
something to have a vision that's bigger
than yourself and to go after it with
everything that you have but ask
yourself when was the last time you
poured yourself into doing something
where you gave yourself over completely
and totally to something because that
that's what success is going to demand
of you if you're really going to tap
into the human ability to adapt to grow
to get better to become capable of the
extraordinary to really do something
that it's going to change people's lives
within yours or somebody else you've got
to fall in love with the process of
busting your ass for something that you
believe in
you can do that if you can identify that
thing that you're willing to give
yourself over to and take that first
step
encourage without knowledge without
knowing exactly where it's going to end
up but believing in yourself having
faith in yourself that you can do it
then you'll be able to accomplish
anything you set your mind to and no
matter what day today is no matter when
this message is reaching you whether
it's the first of the year or it's a
random Tuesday start now
[Music]
you